you know I'm Peter the bike like a moto
car and we're out here at beautiful
white hour with a selfie style Auckland
with Yamahas new MTO 9th racer not quite
sure how the name came about but to my
mind it's probably in am album of Torah
and racer and that's kind of how you
maja sees this bike as well
they've described it as the must-have
sports tourer of 2015
it's basically uses all of the
mechanicals from the MTO 9 so it's got
the three cylinder 850cc engine which is
produces 85 kilowatts and 87 Newton
meters and the great thing about this
engine is that it produces good torque
from very low revs it pulls really well
from 2,000 ribs and top gear without
snatching and it has a lovely Theresa
love the howl thanks to the Acropolis
aftermarket accessory my father that's
got on the good thing about the MTO 9
was that it was an expensive at $39.99
and this is a little more expensive but
it's got a lot more gear on board for
example it adds to the three mode engine
traction control abs as standard it has
pen ears as well and it's quite
adjustable it has ten millimeters and
fore-and-aft adjustability of the
handlebars and it's got 25 millimeters
of seat height up and down it's also a
more comfortable riding position in fact
to haul in aspect of this bike that
increases most us the comfort of it
because it's got longer travel
suspension there's a little firmer and
both are springing in the damping than
the MTO 9 suspension which always felt
just a little soft after a 300 kilometer
ride we can confirm that Yamahas new
tracer feels part torah part racer it
has lost none of the MTO nines hooligan
genes and it's just as quick only a few
tenths behind the current crop of super
bikes
it's confidence-inspiring to ride and
minor changes to rebound damping up
front eliminated a wallow and at the
rear added absorbency touring tires are
good enough allowing lean angles that
have the pig feel is touching down on
occasion reassuringly any minor mistakes
and corners are easily dealt to thanks
to its light overall weight and strong
brakes really the overriding impression
I get of this bike is that it fulfills a
new niche because prior to its arrival
you had to pay around 20k to get a
decent
Sports Torah that was around about a
liter this one at $79.99 undercuts the
competition such as the triumph teen
fifty tiger and also the Multistrada to
living a cheaper than their
I think they're too not to my mind is
what makes us such a major part and I
think it's going to be really well
accepted by the market and it really is
a bona fide can contender for bike of
the year
you